Israel says that its forces have
recovered the remains of six Israeli
hostages during operations in Gaza
Israeli American H Goldberg Poland is
among those confirmed dead Hamas
captured him and four others at a music
festival during the October 7 Terror
attacks just hours before their deaths
were announced thousands protested in
Tel Aviv to demand a deal to free the
remaining hostages in Gaza around 100
people still remain captive in Gaza
including 30 three that the Israeli Army
says are
dead an Israeli military spokesman
provided more details on the recovery
operation a few hours ago we informed
the families that the IDF located the
bodies of their loved ones in an
underground tunnel in
Rafa our initial assessment suggests
they were brutally murdered by Hamas
terrorists shortly before we reached
them they were kidnapped alive on the
morning of October 7th by the terrorist
organization
Hamas journalist B ladine is following
the story for us from Tel Aviv and joins
us from more so what else can you tell
us about the operation that led to the
recovery of the bodies of those six
hostages yes definitely a very difficult
morning here in Israel yesterday at
night the rumors Ted about this
operation that led to the recovery of
six of the hostages their bodies and
apparently they were killed shortly
before the RF soldiers reached their
location from what we understand um that
happened either yesterday or the day
before so just recently and this and
maybe the most important thing is that
they were recovered from an underground
tunnel 20 M underground and it was only
1 kilm away from the location that um on
last Tuesday the ARF soldiers found in
the alive hostage
faran so there might be no connection
between the two but apparently the AR of
soldiers are operating in that area and
after hamas's militants um understood
that they were that they managed
actually to uh recover or to uh bring
back one hostage alive they have um
decided to kill the others um and this
is the result that we're having so six
of these um um so six of the hostages
were killed three of them by the way are
humanitarian um in the humanitarian
category that were supposed to be
released in case of a first stage deal
um that is being discussed right now you
mentioned it's a hard morning in Israel
can you tell us more about reactions to
these developments and if there's been
some sort of official reaction from the
Israeli
government until now we don't have any
official reaction from the Israeli
government the prime minister's office
just a few minutes ago said that the
Prime Minister will um put out a
statement or an announcement in the
coming hour but we still don't have it
from the other side of the aisle the
political aisle the opposition is
already um blaming Netanyahu for
jeopardizing hostage deal and blaming
him for this result also the Israeli
president has said that um he is sorry
or he apologized for the families
because Israel wasn't able to bring back
their loved ones alive and of course the
families of the hostages Forum we've um
seen what they put out yesterday a lot
of rage a lot of anger toward the
government toward Benjamin Natan
specifically
and saying this morning that he should
take responsibility for what happened
that was journalist Bing sladin
reporting from Tel Aviv many thanks
indeed we appreciate
it thank you